README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio-Project

> Portfolio-Project


![screenshot](Assets/images/background/README/project-screen.png)


This project has been created within the frames of the Microverse curriculum for the purpose of creating personal portfolio website.

## Built With

- HTML/CSS


## Live Demo

[www.hope-portfolio.oi](https://hope1226.github.io/Project-Portfolio/)


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## Setup


## Authors

👤 **Hope**

- GitHub: [@Hope1226](https://github.com/Hope1226)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README file as per the CRs comments

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio-Project

> Portfolio-Project


![screenshot](project-screen.png)


This project has been created within the frames of the Microverse curriculum for the purpose of creating personal portfolio website.

## Built With

- HTML/CSS


## Live Demo

Pending


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## Setup

### Step 1:
- Copy the link of this repo by clicking the green button - "code" on the right-top corner
- Clone this repo locally by running the following command in your terminal:

  `git clone git@github.com:Hope1226/portfolio-cr-trails.git`

### Step 2:
- Run `index.html` file in your browser
- Open the borwser tool-box 
- Switch to Mobile view mode.


## Authors

👤 **Hope**

- GitHub: [@Hope1226](https://github.com/Hope1226)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/umidjon-ustabaev/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
